[Documentation] Document how to test a Chart in the Review Guidelines. (#10633)
helm/charts: REVIEW_GUIDELINES.md

10. As much as possible complex pre-app setups are configured using [init containers](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/init-containers/).

More [configuration](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/overview/) best practices.

## Tests

This repository follows a [test procedure](https://github.com/helm/charts/blob/master/test/README.md). This allows the charts of this repository to be tested according to several rules (linting, semver checking, deployment testing, etc) for every Pull Request.

> The `ci` directory of a given Chart allows to test different use cases, by allowing you to define different sets of values overriding `values.yaml`, one file per set. See the [documentation](https://github.com/helm/charts/blob/master/test/README.md#providing-custom-test-values) for more informations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ci` directory of a given Chart allows testing different use cases, by allowing you to define different sets of values overriding `values.yaml`, one file per set. See the [documentation](https://github.com/helm/charts/blob/master/test/README.md#providing-custom-test-values) for more information.
```

Reviewer: hmm did you update this one? Not seeing the changes

Author: Right, the commit has been overridden.
